## Introduction

Earth observation data is understood as the gathering of information of the surface and atmosphere of earth from a high altitude through remote sensing technical procedures via sensors built in satellites. These sensors often acquire information not only from the three main visible wavelength bands but from finer spectral resolution (width of each band of the spectrum), covering also near infrared (NIR) and short-wave infrared (SWIR) wavelength bands that offer unique remote sensing capabilities. This spectrally different resolution data is classified into multispectral (MS) and hyperspectral (HS) data. HS imaging uses continuous and contiguous ranges of wavelengths (e.i. continuous 1 nm channels in the range 400--1100 nm) whilst MS imaging uses a subset of targeted wavelengths at chosen locations (e.i. specific 20 nm channels in the range 400--1100 nm). There are a handful of MS sensors (i.e., EO-1 ALI, Landsat 7 ETM+, Landsat 8 OLI) covering most of the surface of the earth with high spatial and temporal resolution. Alternatively, HS sensors (i.e., EO-1 Hyperion) are fewer and only cover specific small areas due to the scenes' small swath, with poor spatial and temporal resolution. In order to support the shortage of hyperspectral imaging, imaging spectroscopy transformation techniques can be proposed for producing imaging that can be used for direct applications such as crop classification and indirect applications such as helping in the design stage of new sensors by assessing or evaluating the spectral and spatial characteristics.

Most of the work involving super-resolution has been in the spatial and temporal modalities in which Deep Learning has achieved state-of-the-art results. There is literature on related lines of research, such as performing data fusion of MS and HS or single hyperspectral image super-resolution. Nevertheless, little study has been involved with increasing the spectral information obtaining a hyperspectral image from a multispectral image. However, a few studies have proposed solutions to this specific task using diverse techniques such as a spectral reconstruction approach, spectral resolution enhancement method, a pseudo-HS image synthesis algorithm and a latter extended pseudo-HS image transformation algorithm. All of these methods are linearly structured models and do not consider nonlinearity relationships between MS and HS bands. Thus, we will base our study on proposing a nonlinear deep learning approach in order to solve this task.
Recently, a study proposed Convolutional Neural Network Regression (CCNR) for the transformation of multispectral data to quasi-hyperspectral data which will be implemented in this study as means of a reference for comparison of our proposed approach.

The principal contribution of our study is based on using top-notch deep learning techniques to get the best possible results on spectral super-resolution. We focused on the implementation of Pair-Identical Image-to-Image Translation using Generative Adversarial Networks (pix2pix) and proposing an enhanced architecture especially suited for the huge increasing of number of channels between the input image and the output image which has not been proposed till date. Also, we will extend our work to crop classification of unseen data independent of the crop type that the model has been trained on.
